Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE to include backport policy (#16)
gazebosim/.github: PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- Describe your fix, including an explanation of how to reproduce the bug
before and after the PR.-->

> Bakport Policy: (Should this PR be backported to older versions? If so till where. If you're unsure leave this empty and let the maintainer advise)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Backport Policy
<!-- Should this PR be backported to older versions? Important factors to consider include API/ABI and behavior changes. If so, which versions? Choose one pre-written option or suggest your own. If you're unsure leave this empty and let the maintainer advise. -->
- [ ] This is safe to backport to the following versions:
    - [ ] Jetty
    - [ ] Ionic
    - [ ] Harmonic
    - [ ] Fortress
- [ ] This **should not** be backported
- [ ] I am not sure
- [ ] Other (fill in yourself)
```

an idea for a checklist (just putting it in one place, but let's update the other part of this file as well
